README.md, before:

# Generate A README File

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Description

This is an application that simplifies the process of creating a README file. It allows the user to answer pre-determined questions in the command line of their computer, and dynamically creates the README file with the user's answers. It will give the README file a unique name based upon the title of the user's project.

## Table of Contents

*  [Usage](#usage)
*  [Credits](#credits)
*  [Questions](#questions)
*  [License](#license)

## Usage

To use this application, you must have Node.js on your system, and download the npm package 'Inquirer'. To do this, open your terminal, navigate to the proper file, and type in 'npm init -y'. The '-y' is optional, but streamlines the process by naming the file based on the parent folder. This process will create a package.json file within your root directory.

Once you have created the package.json, go back to the terminal and type 'npm i inquirer' and hit enter. This will download the Inquirer package onto your computer and store it in the root directory of your file structure. 

Once you have completed these steps, go back once again to the terminal, and type in 'node index.js' and answer each of the prompts with the information you would like displayed in the README file. Once you have finished, you will see a brand new and completed README file in your root directory. 

For a video walk-through of this process, click the following link:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QXF_r0NUQFnAQzTx-zPa_y_9-zn0giuY/view

## Credits

First I must credit the UCLA Extension Full-Stack Web Development Coding Bootcamp, instructor Bryan Swarthout, and TA Wilson Lam for providing me with all of the tools and knowledge I used to build this application.

http://www.uclaextension.edu

The npm package "Inquirer" is the main resource at work for this application.

https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer

## Questions

For any questions, I, DJ Hersh, can be contacted via email at DanielJHersh@gmail.com

My GitHub profile is located at https://github.com/DJ620

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [DJ Hersh]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Included screenshots in my readme file and organized the file structure

README.md, after:

# Generate A README File

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

## Description

This is an application that simplifies the process of creating a README file. It allows the user to answer pre-determined questions in the command line of their computer, and dynamically creates the README file with the user's answers. It will give the README file a unique name based upon the title of the user's project.

## Table of Contents

*  [Usage](#usage)
*  [Credits](#credits)
*  [Questions](#questions)
*  [License](#license)

## Usage

To use this application, you must have Node.js on your system, and download the npm package 'Inquirer'. To do this, open your terminal, navigate to the proper file, and type in 'npm init -y'. The '-y' is optional, but streamlines the process by naming the file based on the parent folder. This process will create a package.json file within your root directory.

![npm init -y](assets/img/init.png)

Once you have created the package.json, go back to the terminal and type 'npm i inquirer' and hit enter. This will download the Inquirer package onto your computer and store it in the root directory of your file structure. 

![npm i inquirer](assets/img/install.png)

Once you have completed these steps, go back once again to the terminal, and type in 'node index.js' and answer each of the prompts with the information you would like displayed in the README file. Once you have finished, you will see a brand new and completed README file in your root directory. 

For a video walk-through of this process, click the following link:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QXF_r0NUQFnAQzTx-zPa_y_9-zn0giuY/view

The README file created in the above video is included in this repository under the name "Generate-a-readme-file-README.md" within the assets folder.

## Credits

First I must credit the UCLA Extension Full-Stack Web Development Coding Bootcamp, instructor Bryan Swarthout, and TA Wilson Lam for providing me with all of the tools and knowledge I used to build this application.

http://www.uclaextension.edu

The npm package "Inquirer" is the main resource at work for this application.

https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer

## Questions

For any questions, I, DJ Hersh, can be contacted via email at DanielJHersh@gmail.com

My GitHub profile is located at https://github.com/DJ620

## License

MIT License

Copyright (c) [2020] [DJ Hersh]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
